I'm on late tonight; it's 10:00. I know
I usually come on at 9:00. My
friend Billy Burke called, and I was so
excited. I'll never
say I've got to get off the phone to do a
broadcast when he calls, because I'm telling
you, it's a stream of living water
coming out of that man. What a
blessing. I got to talk to him for over
two hours tonight, and I
cherish those times
listening to the old stories of
the generals he's had the
pleasure to walk in the
shadows of and the people
he's been able to be around in ministry, like Kathryn Kuhlman
and Ralph Wilkerson—all
these great people. It's
amazing. I just go, 'Golly.'You
know, I lose track of time. When
you're talking to somebody like that and
you're listening about the old
people, you lose track of time and you
go, 'My God, what an honor that you
would call and talk to me when the Lord
tells him to,'you know, just to
encourage me to keep going. He listens
to us and prays with us, and it's a
blessing that he would pray with us. I
have so many amazing people that come
and pray—so many amazing men and
women of God, big platforms, little
platforms, all kinds of people all
around the world that come and watch us
and pray with us. I mean,
what an honor. You know,
God has called us, I guess, for such a
time as this right now to do
what we're doing, and I'm humbled by
what the Lord has done. It's
amazing.
But I want to go—how many are here?
Oh, we have more than enough. All right,
1,900 right now. We'll start.
Well, good evening everybody. Thank you
for joining me. We're going to go over
some of the news and what's going on
today with the signs of the
times and the coming of the Lord Jesus
Christ. It's all around us. I'm telling
you, Jesus Christ is coming, and I hope
you have your anticipation out there.
You know, it's like I
said, talking to my friend. He said, 'So
many people have said that for so
long, so many years, all the time.
We've heard that.'But I asked him,
'Sir, do you believe Jesus is
coming soon?'And he said, 'Brandon, I
believe he could come back tomorrow.'That's
as you watch the news, as you
see the things happening
all around us, you have an anticipation.
And even he was saying, 'I'm
surprised he hadn't already come.'When
you look at what's going on in the news,
I
believe he could come back tomorrow. I
believe he could come back this week.
That's how soon I feel like
it's coming. You can feel
it inside, and it's cool to see it.
As you see what happened today, as you
see what's going on with America today,
talking to him about the
revival and talking to Billy about what
he believes is coming—it's
amazing
to hear him talk because you know
the Holy Spirit's going to lead
us all in the same direction, just
differently: different frames, different
pictures, but we all get the
same puzzle piece, right?
Talking about the portals and
the revival, I would love for him to
come on if he ever feels
comfortable. I don't ever try to push
things, but to talk about what
he's seen about the healing miracles in
his ministry with Kathryn Kuhlman and
being
around and seeing eyes open and ears
open in his own ministry and flowing
with the gift of the Spirit like he has.
One day, I believe he will. But
I'm so excited because he wants
to do a meeting. He's always talking
about doing meetings and
what the Lord is doing for this
season of his life. You know, he's going into
his 70s now, and this
chapter where he's at, being an elder
flowing in the gifts of the Spirit and
where God has called him, it's amazing. Because
I'm new and I'm just
starting out, listening
to somebody who's been in it for 50-some
years, for us who are just
cutting our teeth, we don't even know. I
feel like I'm just trying to
find my bearings and going where
God has me. It's amazing
to
hear about healings. I love to hear
the testimonies of what Jesus has
done for so many people. People
think, 'Is healing still for today?'Yes, healing is for today.
The delivering
power of the Holy Spirit is still for
today. He is the same yesterday, today,
and forever. And what he did 2,000 years
ago, he's still doing today. If you believe—I
believe with all my heart—we're
going to see some of the
greatest miracles that we've ever seen
before in the days ahead.
I would say,
'Do you
believe the revival will be all over America?'and
he said, 'I believe it will be
in
pockets.'There'll
be portals; that's exactly what
I've seen. That's why I keep telling
you I see a migration. There are
so many people that will be
moving. Yeah, the Holy Spirit
will be moving in areas, but there'll be
some places that are greater than
others. I have brought up Church of
His Presence.
John Kilpatrick—why I keep bringing up
this man. I don't know this man, but I
know him by the spirit of what I know in
my spirit. When I pray for Church of His
Presence, the Lord said that he did it
once in his ministry and the well is not
there like it was, but it's coming
back in a greater capacity. And he said,
'I'm renewing John Kilpatrick's
health like youth is renewed like
the eagles, and he will finish strong.
It's not time for him to go home
yet.'He
will be a person—I saw him
sitting on the stage and the glory and
the presence of the Lord filling Church
of His Presence again. Then I saw
places like a church in
Minnesota. I saw a major move of God in
a church in Minnesota. I saw
Collinsville, where Pastor Chip
and Candace are, and Branson.
I saw I-35,
Oklahoma City going down to Dallas-Fort
Worth, a major move of God coming
on the highway, I-35. I've seen it out in the
Crescent, Oklahoma area. I've
seen it in
places that you would least
expect it, but it's because of the
cultivation of prayer. Much prayer
has gone up in these areas. It will come
out of prayer; it's bathed in prayer.
The one that I've seen in the Mabee
Center with ORU and with the
Victory over across the street with Paul Daugherty
being the overflow—a major revival
coming to Tulsa, Oklahoma.
I believe that Tulsa is a hot spot for
the end-time move. I believe there'll
be areas that are stronger than others.
And even as I talked to my friend
today, he said, 'Brandon, I believe that
it won't be like that everywhere
because not everybody wants it. Not
everybody wants to cultivate His
presence. Nobody wants to pay the price
in prayer. Not everybody wants that. But
there's a remnant of people
that are hungry, that are desperate for
a move of God in these last days, and
you're about to see one of the greatest harvests
of souls this world has ever
seen before.'But I saw people
migrating, and I saw properties in
Tulsa, properties in areas where it
will be so hard to even find rent houses
because of the fact that people are just
trying to get around the revival.
Will it last a long time? I don't
believe it will; I believe it'll be a
quick work. But I saw a major move of
God in Brazil and all these other areas.
And I keep talking about it—a new Azusa
Street for Asia coming out of South
Korea. Just talking that over. What was
it like in the tent revival? What was it
like reading books
from Kathryn Kuhlman and Oral Roberts
and A.A. Allen and all these that walked
before? Diana has been on a
scavenger hunt lately
going through the books. I think she's
gotten probably ten new books in the
last week. These are old books that
are hardly printed anymore, that you
can't find,
and she finds them in certain
places, looking for them to try to
find books that are not in print
anymore. Like, where are the books not in
print? What did
they read? How did they get
where they got? I told her,
"I love your brain, the way you
think, baby."She's asking,
"How did they get it? How was Kathryn Kuhlman
inspired? What
inspired her? What books did she read?
What inspired Oral Roberts to keep
going? Where was he at when he
first started, like us? What inspired
them to keep going? What fed their flame?"Yeah,
the Bible. But there were
people that you listen to and you glean
from, like I do, Billy. And you listen to
them and you go, "Okay,
I get it."Why try to
learn it yourself and reinvent the wheel
whenever somebody's already walked in it
and they can tell you, "That doesn't work.
That didn't work for
me,"versus
the people who keep doing
something and hit the wall?
You learn out of
being dumb and you go, "Well, that really hurt."You
know, the car door
hurts when you slam your hand in it.
Don't do that; that's dumb. Versus
the one that says, "I've already done that;
don't do that."So,
I don't know. I try to be
encouraging to you all, but that's
where I was tonight. That's
why I'm late. But praise the Lord.
I
want to show you some of the things that
happened today in the news. The
earthquakes are taking place. And then
what we saw last night about the
metamorphosis,
and the Lord showed us we're about to
see something we've never seen before.
We're about to see a butterfly fly out
of the church that we've never seen
before. I saw colors on a butterfly, a
beautiful
mosaic that was
so beautiful and so vibrant. And as I
was looking through this cocoon, this
caterpillar was inside,
pushing with all its might.
It represented the church,
the body of Christ pushing
with all its might. And I saw a breaking
point of this caterpillar coming out of
the cocoon as a beautiful new butterfly.
And the Lord said, "Do you see that
butterfly? It's something that you've
never seen before. What's about to
happen with the church is
something that you've never
experienced before. It's colors on a
mosaic you've never seen, a beautiful
tapestry, a beautiful canvas of the Holy
Spirit is about to be expressed in a way
that the world has never seen before."Because
it's His goodness and His mercy.
As we say, "Show us Your glory,
Lord.
Give us an impartation of new
demonstrations and manifestations of the
glory that we've never seen before."I
saw a blowing of goodness and mercy
coming out of the Father's hand, and He
blew on it and said it was just
like Moses, Brandon. He said, "Show me
Your glory,"and He let His goodness and
His mercy pass by. And He said, "It's
the goodness of God. It's the goodness
of Me that brings man to repentance."It's
My goodness and My mercy, Brandon.
What you're about to see is a
display of the goodness and the mercy of
God like we've never seen before. It's
His grace—an
explosion,
a tidal wave of the grace of God. I'm
not talking about the grace where you
say, "Well, Brandon, it's okay to live
in sin and you can do this because God's
grace covers it, brother."I'm not
talking about living like a heathen
and thinking you're going to
experience the anointing and the
presence of God. Be imitators of
God as dear children. You've
got to imitate the
Lord. What is He doing? He isn't out
there going to strip clubs and doing
bad things. Be imitators of God as dear
children;
you be called and separate
unto Him and say, "Listen, I'm sold out to You."Yeah,
as a child we can fall
down and skin our knee, but we don't live
there. We pick ourselves back up, brush
it off, put some antiseptic on it,
and we keep
looking to Him, but we don't camp there.
You pick yourself back up. And
that's what the Lord's wanting. His
goodness and His mercy are so good.
You don't want to
live
in sin because His goodness and
mercy pulled me out of it. I don't want
to stay in the pit.
If you're living there, I really
challenge you; I really question
your thermostat of where your
salvation is. He's coming back for the ten
virgins, right? Five had their lamps
full and five were empty. Five had to go
look for it. And in
Revelation 19, he talks about the
bride that is seeking Him. Revelation 19. He talks about the bride looking for it.
"Let us rejoice and be glad and give Him
glory, for the wedding of the Lamb has
come, and His bride has made herself
ready."The
bride was already in pursuit.
She was looking for Him.
He said there's a big difference between
where the church is
right now. A lot of
the church doesn't have an expectation
for the return of the Lord.
The bride's not making
herself ready. You're hearing about
prosperity and
building
your kingdom on this earth. You don't
have an expectation. The bride's not
even looking for Him.
So, I like what he was saying about Revelation
19:7. He said, "The bride is
making herself ready."The bride has an
expectation of the return of
the groom.
She's preparing herself. Are you
preparing yourself for the coming of the
Lord? Are you preparing yourself for
what you're about to
experience? Are you the virgins that
have their lamps full of oil? Or are you
the virgins that are just like, "You
know what? We know He's coming and we'll
wait until the day He comes,"and then
it's too late? The bridegroom came when
you were out trying to get your lamps
full. You must remain at a place of full.
And that's why He always talks
about, "Let your full fight for you."You've
got to get in a
place where your full is always
fighting. What you're
full of will come out of you.
What are you expecting in these last
days? Let your full fight for you in
these last days. Don't remain empty. You've
got to keep your lamp full of oil in
these last days for what's about to
happen. There were five
that had it ready and five that didn't.
Five were taken, five are left. I truly
believe in the first round
there'll be—I believe there are two
different
catching-aways.
Now, I'm not here to argue
theology, but I believe this one's
going to shock everyone,
the ones that didn't have
their lamps full of oil. But the
ones that are the bride, that are
preparing herself, will be caught up with
Him. We're going to go in the rapture—the
first round—the ones that are full,
the ones that are letting their full
fight for them, the ones that are
keeping their eyes on Jesus, the ones
that have their lamps ready. The
bride is in hot pursuit of the
groom. You didn't have to warn her
because,
"I'm not
real excited about the coming of the
Lord Jesus Christ. I really want to get
married and have babies and
a career, but I'm not really in
pursuit of Him."I don't really care
because your eyes are focused on
something else. But for
the groom, I'm telling you, Diana,
when we were together, I always looked at her and said, "Baby, you
look beautiful today."My
eyes, even after all these years,
I look at her and say, "You
look so beautiful tonight, honey.""Well, honey,
you've seen me every day of your life."I
know, but you look exceptional today.
I'm still in pursuit of my wife. I
still love my wife. You have to be in
pursuit; don't allow your marriage to
grow dull. You can't allow your marriage
to die. Keep that pursuit.
Be ye imitators of God as
dear children; imitate their father. As
you look to Him, I want to be more like
Him. And as I listen to elders, I go, "I am
so far from this."I don't even
know if I'm ever going to get halfway
close to what has been in some of
these people's ministries. But God, I'm
imitating You, and I'm in hot pursuit of
You. And I know that those that seek Me
will find Me; those that knock, I'll open
the door unto them.
And I believe, you know what, I've got a
long way to go, but
maybe a short time to get there, right?
But I know that inside, as I keep
seeking Him, I'll find Him. But I want
to encourage you tonight, as
I say all of this, be imitators of God.
Pursue Him with all your heart. Keep
your lamps full. Have an
expectation that He's coming back. He could
come back tomorrow; He could come back
by the end of the year, by September, by
the Shemitah, by Rosh Hashanah.
What
about a revival? I'm believing,
but
I'm always in pursuit of Him. Keep your
lamps full tonight.
Always seek Jesus with all your heart.
Don't let a day go by without saying,
"Jesus, I love You.
I'm so glad You're in my life. I'm so
glad You came to save me. I'm so glad
You redeemed me. I'm so glad You set
me free by Your blood, by what You did
on that cross for me."That's why I take
communion every day. I take it all the
time. I've got buckets of it. Why? It's not
a religious act to me; this is about
relationship. I want to know Him.
And once I get it, I don't want
to lose it.
I don't want to taste and see
that the Lord is good and then just
visit it and have
just a residue of it. I want it to be
imparted inside of me so that whenever
people see it, it's like Moses—his face
is glowing. They have to put a veil over
his face because people are freaking
out. "What's going on with Brandon?"I
have been with the Master. I have been
with my King. He's my friend. He is my
everything.
And that light shines out of me, every
pore, every fiber of my being, that I've
tasted and I have seen that the Lord is
good. Once you taste and you touch the hem
of His garment and you get a little
bit of the anointing and you get a
little bit of the glory on you, there's
nothing better. There's nothing more
that will change your life other than to
keep touching. You pursue it. I question
people's authenticity because once you
have tasted and you have seen, once
you've experienced the glory, once you
see your daughter that wasn't able to go
to the bathroom and was bound up for
weeks and swelled up and the doctors have
all these things and God touches her and
she doesn't have to have a
diaper on anymore... once you taste and
see that the Lord is good, there's
nothing else that matters.
That's what I said last night. I'm dead
to it. I can say whatever He
wants me to say. If the platform
goes away, I'm bold about what He says.
I question, do you believe what the Lord
is saying to me? I believe it's
something different. It's a new
generation. You're the one
crying in the wilderness
like John the Baptist did the first
time, warning the people that
Jesus was coming and all the things
that were happening, right? We're doing
it again. He's coming again. He's coming
back for His church. There's a major
move of God happening. What are you
anticipating in your life as you see the
signs of the times
and the coming Lord Jesus Christ all
around you? I give you the hope that
there is a shaking to awaken. He's
bringing the bride to His side. What
side are you on?
You can choose today.
I want to be on His side and He has a
plan for my life, or you can be the ones
that are going to get the spanking. I
don't want to be in that group. I want
to be on the right side of things.
So, I want to show you today shakings
that are happening right now. You can
see it in the news, but I love
Revelation 19:7: "Let us rejoice and be
glad and give glory."Give Him glory, for
the wedding of the Lamb has come and His
bride has made herself ready today.
The bride is in pursuit,
and is she looking for Him? Are you
looking?
Have you made yourself ready?
All right, go ahead. Show them.
And this is what's happening in today's
news.
We have a major earthquake
in Venezuela.
A
major 7.5
earthquake happened in Venezuela today.
A shaking is coming to South America.
A 7.5 and then a 7.2 right
in the same area.
Two in the same day.
And then there was a 5.6 in
California.
Did it happen by
Malibu?
I have to look. 5.6. And then
there was—because
God said, "I'm going to shake Malibu"and
it'll be a
sign—a
6.9 in Japan today.
The Lord said, "I'm going to shake
Malibu. I'm going to shake California."I
want to know,
did that happen by there? That's
interesting.
I'm looking for it all the time for
Malibu to be shaken.
Okay,
they felt it in Colombia,
they said.
Well, they felt it all over the place.
Big earthquakes. What does
the Lord say? What is this happening
with the earth? The earth is shaking and
rocking and reeling like a drunkard. The Word
said it was coming.
And so
we're seeing the beginnings
of it, the birthing pains. What are
we about to see? Major shaking. Why?
Because I told you Colombia will be
shaken, Venezuela will be shaken,
Cuba will be shaken. As we saw
earthquakes, Cuba will be shaken. Why?
Because it's a representation of what's
happening, and
in the spiritual realm, it is
manifesting in the natural. And a great
harvest of souls is coming to Venezuela,
Cuba, and Colombia. Watch. And
it's going to spread through Brazil.
Watch what happens. God is going to pour
out His Spirit on South America. Watch.
Now look at this. Where is that
earthquake at?
They're saying it's not.
Well, that's a bummer. It's coming.
That's San Francisco,
so it's further up north.
One is down south.
Not that I'm trying to believe God
for an earthquake for y'all, but
I'm believing for—it could be a small one—but
I'm believing for Malibu to be
shaken. The Lord said, "I'm going to shake Malibu."What
is
that
earthquake?
Where is that?
In
Venezuela. That is a major, major shaking
in Venezuela.
Major.
Bless their hearts; that's terrible.
Well,
we know what's coming for Venezuela:
major revival.
They shook the whole building down,
son.
I bet people are dead in there.
Wow, son, that really was bad.
It was
a bad earthquake.
Oh, God.
Lord, help them to find the people.
I didn't realize it was that bad, son.
That's major. Look how split the
road is.
Are you ready?
I feel the anointing of the Holy Ghost
on me right now.
I feel fire on my arms and my
body.
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
Look at that. That is complete
devastation.
Look at those buildings all completely
falling in, their roofs... that
looks like a mall.
Yeah.
When did this happen?
Do they know how many
casualties?
No, they don't. It was
5.4.
Yeah, I think
he's blessed that building didn't fall.
Do you see the cracks on the side of the
walls? It gets worse.
Oh no.
I wonder if he'll be able to get out.
The further he goes down, the less
there is.
Wow,
that is scary. Is that an apartment
complex?
It looks like it.
Wow.
Oh Lord,
look at the damage. The further he goes
down...
they're going to have to condemn that
building.
Look at the elevator, the water,
the pipes.
Wow.
He's blessed; he's still alive.
That caved in on those
people.
Oh, it's terrible. Father, we thank you,
Lord, that you help the victims right
now, Father, in all this rubble. Father,
I thank you, Lord, that they're
okay. There's some of them, Father, I
know that have perished, but Lord, the
ones that are still alive, we thank you,
Lord, that you help them find them—find
them in all this mess so that they get
out of it.
Oh, it's sad.
Yeah,
man. Another huge building fell
there. There's so many of them.
It destroyed a lot.
Oh no.
How long did it last? I wonder how
long
the
earthquake lasted like that.
He said there will be a shaking in these
areas. And then he said, 'I'm going to
split the Mount of Olives. I'm going to
shake the Dome of the Rock, and the Dome
of the Rock will be uninhabitable.
I will
shake thousand-year-old temples, and they
will fall to the ground in the days
ahead. I will shake these places and
great revival will
come.'People
are asleep. They don't realize
where we are. And this is good.
Regardless of whether you say this is really sad,
he's trying to wake up
the people. The earth is...
this is all happening. The
tribulation is starting—birthing pains.
Pre-trib right now, basically, I want
to call it.
This is pre-tribulation right
here. Do you understand? This is the labor
pains upon a woman, so will it be. This is
the labor pains happening right now.
Labor pains. And I hear most of these
people say, 'Well, Brandon, it's going to
get better before it gets really dark.'You
are on some bad weed. You're not
reading your
Bible. The Bible says that
we're going to see these things. And
labor pains don't get better; they get
worse and worse and worse,
and then the baby comes. And the Bible
told us this.
So here we are. We're seeing labor pains
increase. So stop going down the
pipe dreams of all these things. Things
are not
going to get better. America is not
going to get better.
Things are going to get worse. The end
of the end is at hand.
We're there. We're getting closer and
closer. Look at what happens. Every day
we come on here, we
spend an hour a lot of times showing you
this stuff—what's happening every
day with wars or rumors of wars,
shakings, plagues. The Ebola virus is
spreading to France now.
Yeah,
it's in France—Ebola virus. And
they're going, 'What? Oh, why France?'I
told you: watch Macron.
Look at the roads. I said, watch Macron.
He is the Ishmael to the
Isaac of the Antichrist. He is
an Ishmael. Watch what happens with Macron. Macron
will become a
tyrant in the days ahead like a Hitler.
Watch what he does. It doesn't have to
be that he's out doing things like
Hitler; it's his motive. It's the energy
behind him.
It is a demonic overshadowing over the
man. Look.
Wow. Look at those. Wow. I'm surprised
that things didn't hit him in the head.
Wow.
Yeah, it's bad.
That's really bad. That's
complete devastation.
The bridges—look at the bridge.
It's going to take years. And with their
country falling the way it is, after
their government and all that
going on, that is a nightmare.
Okay, let's move on.
Did anybody know that happened today? I
didn't until just a couple seconds ago
when he just told me. He said, 'Yeah,
there was an earthquake.'And
then you had that in
Japan, too.
Oh, in Japan. Yeah. Major Japan.
And we're looking for volcanoes to go
off. The Lord said major volcanoes are
about to erupt, and we're going to see
meteors coming in that will bust out
windows and things like that. We know
that. All signs of the times. Okay,
let's keep going.
France
reports the first case of Ebola outside of
Africa in the current outbreak.
This is what we're praying against because
I've
seen a major outbreak, a major plague
coming that's like the Black Death,
and a major plague will shut down
everything and it will kill 350 million
people. The Lord said this:
'But I said those that anoint their head
with oil, those that take communion, and
those that understand Psalm 91 and Psalm
23, the death angel will pass by
your house and it will not touch you.
You need to know who you are and read
this Bible, and the glory of the Lord
will come through you and you will lay
hands on the sick and they will recover.
You will walk in the glorious anointing.'And
I saw this and the Lord
said, 'You can lessen it. You won't stop
it. You will lessen it.'Is this the
plague? I saw that it would happen in,
I believe, 2027-2028. But
there's some people talking about
the horses riding.
Pastor Steve Ciaccolanti talks
about the horses riding, and I said
the green horse and the black horse
ride together.
They ride together. Now, he'd probably
disagree with me, but I saw
them riding and galloping together. I
said, 'The black horse is about to ride
and I see the green horse and the black
horse riding together.'It's the
Chlorophyll horse.
Now, I'm sure he would say they're
two separate incidents, but I
saw them in a vision. And
so we see
a plague coming. We see major
financial stuff going on with the
plague. War and plague go hand in hand.
War and finances go hand in hand.
Plagues and finances go hand in hand—all kinds
of pandemics and things
like that, like COVID.
So is this it? I believe
it's early.
I
don't see it as Ebola, but I saw it with
rats.
I saw it would be with rats, not bats.
And it would be spread on
purpose with rats in the days ahead
through people of chemistry, and they're
shooting the rat with stuff to make
it and releasing it into Europe. It was
Europe, not Africa.
Very, very sad. Okay. Next.
And then he said he's going to go to...
I don't know, I think it's NATO.
Trump's going to go to NATO or Turkey.
But he's going to go because Turkey...
Who?
Trump?
Trump
is going to Turkey?
Yeah. No, he's going to NATO. I
don't know what that means—NATO summit.
No. Stay home. When?
Stay home, sir. Don't go anywhere else
right now.
Where is this, son?
It's like how many times we've warned:
don't go over there right now. Pray.
Pray right now. Stay here until after
the anniversary of America.
Wait until after this. And
he talks about Turkey?
He talks about Turkey. I'm trying to
figure out... this is the club.
Okay, go ahead. Do you remember last
night I saw President Trump? I saw a
blue pulse in the
Senate. And as I was looking into the
Senate, I saw the blue, and it got
really dark blue. And then it started to
affect the Supreme Court judges. I saw
red that was cowards; there was no
pulse. It was kind of like they were
just idly standing by. And this was
concerning December of this year.
December and January of this year, I saw
a blue pulse coming out of the Senate
and they were coming after... and I saw
President Trump trying to fly and his
wings were clipped.
His wings were clipped. He was trying to
be an eagle, but he was no longer able
to be an eagle because the Senate and
the judges clipped his wings.
What was beautiful like these wings, the
tops of them got cut off and he wasn't
able to fly high.
I thought that was an interesting
vision last night of
what the Lord saw. Then I saw
Stacy Abrams
and I saw Byron
Donalds.
He had great favor in Jacksonville.
In the vision, the Lord said, 'He will
have great favor in Jacksonville. He
will have great favor in Orlando.'And
I saw him rise up. And the Lord
said, 'Pray for him.'And I saw a
covering over Byron. It was a
covering over him, and I saw him
flourishing. Lord said, 'Pray for him.'There
wasn't a lot of favor in Miami.
There wasn't a lot of favor in Fort
Lauderdale.
Tampa was split.
Then I saw Stacy Abrams. In the vision,
I saw
a dinosaur, like a T-Rex.
On the mouth of the T-Rex
was a map, and I heard 'districts'.
I saw districts concerning
voter fraud in Atlanta,
specifically in districts to try to
overthrow the Senate seat.
I heard 'districts'and I saw a map that
had blue; it was voter fraud.
And I heard Stacy Abrams.
When I saw in this vision, I saw it spread
in pockets of where she had
influence.
I saw
where she had pockets of influence
in Atlanta, in certain areas that were
important cities, major voter turnouts.
And I saw that this was
about a Senate seat.
Then I saw Minnesota
and I saw the governor
there, his face—he had
pits on his face—and I saw to pray for
the Senate seat in Minnesota.
Tim Walz.
Tim Walz. I saw Tim Walz. And I saw
barrels of black things coming out of
China that had silver lining. And they
were taking the specks of the silver out
of the barrels and they were
distributing it to the
Democratic party. And I saw Kamala
Harris trying to rebrand herself
with a new suit. And she had new duds—there
were things on her suit. And
the Lord said she will try to rebrand
herself in the days ahead, rebrand
herself with the silver lining.
And I saw a silver lining that had come
from China that was a gap with the
man of Google.
And I saw a black line coming out of it.
And the Lord said, 'Watch this black
line. Watch the silver lining coming
from Hong Kong.'And
I saw the silver flakes coming out
of it. And it was distributed out in little
bits to these other parties, but she got
the big part with Kamala Harris and with
Omar. Omar was attached to this
and they were all attached with arrows.
And I saw the flaking down with the
little bit of flakes from silver lining
from black barrels that look like black onyx
upon the land.
I saw Kamala Harris trying to rebrand
herself. I heard her say, 'I will
rebrand myself.'And she had a brand new
suit that she put on that was really
pretty. It looked like a Chanel suit,
looked really classy. It had a
new color, new doily. She
looked like somebody new.
The way she tried to present herself,
she was alone.
Does anybody remember that? Were you here
last night?
I saw seven and it was on fire. I
got the revelation of that later on when
I was praying. I said, 'What were you
showing me seven
for?'Something
will happen with the seven.
There's a seven coming.
I saw
it was on fire
and it was the glory. It was a
blessing. There was something more to
seven.
Pray for this lady. Something
with her.
She's 71 years old. She was born on June
25th of 1954. Pray for her. I believe it's
to pray for her health. There's
something with her health. Pray for
her.
I saw him and he was the bridge.
He was the bridge for the Democrats. He
was a bridge for the silver lining. He was
in the middle of a black bridge.
And I saw the blessing was
flowing through him to these others,
to the Democrats with a silver lining
that was black in the barrels.
I still could not figure out
why I kept seeing these huge acne
pits all over his face and they kept
getting bigger and bigger and bigger, and
he was scratching at them and there was
infection in his face and it
was in Tim Walz. And then I saw her and
there was something with her,
with Omar, and I was praying for it.
But I saw the silver was coming to her
and it was coming and it was spreading
through Kamala Harris, but she was in the
background of it. And I saw her jacket
and she said, 'I'm going to
rebrand myself. I'm going to redo my jacket.'And
she put on a new coat. And
it was better looking, but
people were still looking at her like
the same person.
But she had a new coat on. And the coat
looked like it was Chanel. It was very
lavish and beautiful. And the way
she carried the coat—I could see it
had ruffles and beautiful things all
over this coat. And it had new duds,
like
new beautiful diamond buttons.
The Lord said, 'She has new duds.'And I
said, 'I wonder what that means.'But I
was seeing it as I was looking. And I
saw an uprising. And as we see today, Mamdani bragged
about his communistic
party being formed in New York. Four
major communistic socialist people
won their elections over
New York and I said, 'Pray for New York.'I
saw a great shaking coming with
fires and people will be rioting in
the days ahead in New York.
And I saw the mafia, the five families,
rise up and combat
him. And they said, 'It's just
business.
We don't want to lose what's ours.'And
they came out as heroes in the days
ahead, the five families, and they said,
'It's just business.
We're not going to allow ourselves to lose
our nation.'And they come out as
heroes.
What was once a crime family becomes
somebody that saves New York.
Interesting. I don't know what that
means,
but I saw Union,
and I saw New Orleans, I saw Chicago, I
saw Italy, and I saw the mafia coming
together with organized crime, but they
didn't like what was happening, and they
come against Mamdani in the days
ahead.
So, I look for the mafia if they even
exist. I don't even know. To
me, it's like, 'Is this Hollywood?'For
real, but I saw it and I'll
just tell you what I saw in a vision.
All right, go ahead.
And he's saying he's going to
stay in Southern Lebanon. He's going to
stay in his security zone.
So, he's defying America?
Yeah. So, I guess remember, I don't
know if I was part of a deal that they
had to leave or—he's
not leaving it.
As long as I am prime minister, Iran
will not have nuclear weapons.
And another thing, as long as I am prime
minister, we are maintaining the
security zone in southern Lebanon.
Pray for his safety.
Some people don't like him, some people
do. I'm not here to be political about
Israel. I saw that man's life is in
danger.
And I've told you that how many times? At
the first of the year, I said he stands
out on a balcony and I heard assassinate.
I even told Sid Roth that.
Some people receive what I say, some
people don't. You
need to
pray for this man. What do you think
of the fact that
this meeting in Ankara
was being held
in Turkey by President Erdogan? I
don't think I would have gone to it.
I wouldn't have gone
for what we went through over
the last two months with the
various countries, but you're probably
right. I would have gone for you, but I
would not have gone for
most people. But he called me up. He
said, "Please, I have it in Turkey. You
got to be there. The United States has
to be there."And so, I'm going out of
respect to President Erdogan. Do not go to
this
meeting.
Oh my God.
Do not go in respect of that man. He's
talking about respecting Turkey.
Yes,
the vampire.
You keep me on my knees all the
time. I mean, like God, seriously, I'm so
tired. Seriously, sir.
He said he
is not the biggest fan of... but
I don't care. The man is the demon.
It's like Mr. Magoo.
Here he goes again, Mr.
Magoo.
I mean, it's like, don't be Mr. Magoo
running into walls and he goes, "How did
he make it?"I don't know. It was the
grace of God; he made it through again.
Mr. Magoo falling through the hole. He
goes, "There's a thing down there."And
he's
like, "Stop doing it, Mr. Magoo. My
God, I keep praying for you. I'm
exhausted praying for this man."Some
days I go, "Holy crap."Sorry, I'm just
a little frustrated with it.
You just saw something really real right
then. I'm just annoyed.
It's like I didn't know he was doing
this. I'm like I pray for this dude all
the time. I mean, he's
kept me... I feel like... you see I have
no hair.
It's not funny. It's annoying. He annoys
me.
I know I'm getting in the flesh, but
whatever.
He frustrates me. It's like, "No, stay
home, Magoo. Stay home. Okay, you need
to take care of our country and pull us
out of the hole and the finances. Stay
home, Magoo.
Don't worry about it."And I got to be
respectful because I love your position.
I pray for you. But I'm saying, please
don't go around this man. This man's
evil.
I just got in trouble by the Holy Ghost.
Forgive me, Lord.
I grieve the Holy Spirit, but it's
the truth. I'm just real.
Okay, keep going. You probably should... I
probably should see these videos before
you do this because my reaction
was not good. I just got to go. I go,
"Oh my God, when is he going now? Do you
know when he's going
since I'm already live?"I mean,
you know, whatever. But I'm just saying
I'd like to know now.
July 7th and 8th.
At least it's after the 24th.
Yeah,
I mean after the
Fourth.
It's still before she has her baby.
My father will protect him like he
always does.
As a Turk myself, I can tell you with
great confidence that your presence in
Ankara is eagerly anticipated.
What's your message to your great friend Erdogan
and the Turkish people because
you're going to be there in less than
two weeks?
Yeah, I'm a Turk myself and
I like him. He's a friend of mine and he
stayed out of the war. You know, he was
a prime candidate to go into the war
with Iran, maybe on the Iran side
because he's not a big fan of Israel, as
you know, and I asked him to stay out.
He stayed out. And you know who else was
great was President Xi of China. He
could have come in. He gets half of his
oil from that area. You know, I could
see him wanting to. And I asked him to
please stay out. And he did.
That man right there is evil.
Tony, that guy is bad.
He said, "We will most
likely have a one-on-one meeting with
Trump in Turkey."That's what he said.
Why don't you come here? Okay. Why don't
you get in your beautiful jet and come
to America and have your meeting? If you
want to have a meeting with our
President,
wait until after our midterms. Let's get
through midterms.
But I was
disappointed with Italy. I was
disappointed with the UK. He's now gone.
And you know, he had a lot of problems,
but we were disappointed with the UK. We
were disappointed with Germany and
France. We're disappointed with most of
them. Spain is a horror show. Spain is
terrible. Even from your standpoint, I
mean, they don't want to pay anything.
They think they're in for a free
ride. Spain is not a good group.
Not a good group at all.
Don't trust any of them. They're awful.
I need to be there. I need to be in his
office. I need to help him.
And he's going to give him jets, I
believe.
I'm going to pray. I'll be in there praying
for him in his office. I'll be anointing
his head with oil. We're going to
get him through this. I
really love our president. I pray for
him all the time. I'm telling you all.
And it's like to me, I get frustrated
because I'm like,
where are you getting your counsel from?
I want his mind to be clear
to focus on the task at hand. And it's
about the American economy more and
more. These foreign allies are crazy.
They want war and it's
like I told you, he's going to beat his
drums and the man in Turkey is a bad
man. He is with Syria. And in the days
ahead, they will come against Israel and
it will be a major event
that's about to take place. Ezekiel 38 and 39
is about to happen. It's about to
happen and we're so close. But it's
like I see him as... we've got to get
through midterms and we got to pray for
our Senate and our House to win.
And right now when I told you I saw
President Trump with an approval rating
of 25% coming—and
this will be a sign.
I said, "Watch this sign. President
Trump's approval rating will go down to
25% across the nation."And I saw this.
Then today they did a poll and they
showed his approval rating across—and
this is Fox News. This isn't
fake news CNN. This is people that I
usually can glean from and say, "Okay,
you know, from Hannity to some of these
others. They're not all bad."I
like Hannity, but I look
at that poll. Did you
find it,
Braden?
Yes, I'm getting it.
I'll find it.
All right. Well, I've already agreed
though. I shouldn't have
said what I said, so I have to repent. I
want to call him Mr. Magoo. It's a
whole private thing our family says,
but I shouldn't have said it in front of
thousands of people again. But you
know he's our president. But I just pray
for him. At least he's not running into
the wall like Joe Biden.
You know,
he's not staring off into space and
licking ice cream cones and touching
little girls'hair and sniffing their
hair and
thinking, "What is this dude doing?"Look,
but this is what I'm
talking about. He's almost to what I
saw. I saw 25%. He's at 31%. You are only
six points away from what I saw.
And this is a bad sign. This is what
I told you.
It's going to be a bloodbath
at midterms.
It's happening just like the Lord showed
me in the vision. And I said when it
hits to 25%,
this will be a sign.
This is what I saw in a vision. Does
anybody remember that? I said his
approval rating will hit at 25%,
the all-time low ever. And it's at 31%
right now.
Does anybody remember that? You say in
the comment section you remember. I've
told you all what I saw was
coming. 25% would be in the news
as a 31.
That's bad.
That means 68% of the people are upset
at you.
Forget Turkey, sir. Focus on us.
We need midterms to turn out better. We
don't want a bloodbath in our governors'races.
We need America to be
strong for even our states like Governor Stitt
in Oklahoma. We need these people
because of the plague that's coming.
We don't want idiots running our
states whenever a plague happens
again like it did COVID, because he locks
everybody down and you can't get out of
your house.
Father, we just thank you for the body.
I've had enough. I shouldn't have said
all what I said, but I get frustrated
and so it is just me.
I display
myself on my sleeves.
That's why I get in trouble
when I get out of here. I talk too much,
but it is what it is. I'm just
frustrated because I see the
potential for God to do something, but
you're taking counsel from ungodly
people. And it's like
pushing through
the tar. It's like tar when I'm
praying for him. It's like tar pulling
those concrete cinder blocks, pulling
him across that finish line. And you
keep fighting, and it's like he takes—you
push him forth in the spirit realm
five steps ahead, and then he takes ten
steps backwards by decisions. And you
pull and you
just go, "You're going to make it. We're
going to make it."And you go, "Oh,"and
he falls, and you go, "No, no, no.
You're going to make it. Come on.
We can do this."I try to be the
cheerleader in the background. We can do
this. We can win. America's going to be
okay. But I see a shaking coming to
America that's worse than anybody's ever
seen before. Worse than the Great
Depression, worse than anything you
could ever see. I keep praying out of
that. I keep praying for it.
We're not going to have that. We're not going to
have an enemy with him. We're not going to
have all these people die. It's
going to be okay. America's going to
fight through this. But you see stupid
people making stupid decisions and you
go, "Whatever, man."And
I'm not calling him stupid; I'm
saying people around him.
Don't give bad counsel. Who
told him to do that? Encourage that?
Probably himself. I don't know. But it
comes from somewhere.
You know, it's like focus on America.
Let's have an Independence Day. Let's do
that. Okay. So, it's the seventh and eighth.
It's still, let's
get the Clarity Act passed. Let's get the
Save America Act passed
so they can't steal the vote in
California like they did with Spencer
Pratt and Stacey Abrams trying to steal
the elections. This is serious.
Let's pass Save America. Let's pass
Clarity. And then I don't know. I
haven't seen any other agendas for you.
I mean, these are major deals, right?
Let's pray that through. So, let's take
communion and see if I can get out of
this hole.
I just rely on Him.
If not, and I've ruined it, I apologize.
But it's my flesh. It's just me. I'm
the leader. I'm just too real. Father,
I thank You, Lord, for Your body. I
thank You, Lord, that You're merciful
even in my stupidity in my mouth. And
I thank You, Lord, that You help me and
we get through this, Father, and we will
push through for our president.
And I thank You, Lord, that we will be
successful in the mission that You've
called us to do. And Lord, I pray for
him that he does not trust Turkey.
He will not trust Turkey. He will not
trust Syria. The Muslim Brotherhood is
bad. Do not trust Syria. Do not trust
Turkey.
He's a vampire.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that he has
eyes to see and ears to hear, and You
warn him in the midnight hour, that he
hears Your voice and a stranger's voice
shall not follow, and that his approval
rating turns around.
I love our nation.
I love America. I love our
people.
No matter how bad you try to
help somebody, you pray for them to not
go off a cliff. There's so many
things you cover. When I hear it, I just
have a check. And
instantaneously
I just go, "Oh,
God."There's
so many things that I see that I
don't make public.
And I cover things and I cover things
and I cover things.
And sometimes you just go,
like I said, your flesh gets involved
sometimes and it's just like
when you see your nation and you love it
as dearly as what I do, I just go, "God,
I know there's hope."But I just don't
know.
I know there's a shaking coming, you
all. That's what I'm trying to tell you.
There's a shaking. There's not a
fatal wound, but there's a wound that
will bring the bride to the side.
There's a shaking that's coming to our
beautiful nation.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your
body. And I thank You, Lord, for how
much You've done for us already. And
Lord, we take this body in the name of
Jesus. And we give You praise and glory,
Father, that we're healed by Your
stripes.
Thank You, Lord, that we're healed.
Thank You, Lord, we're whole. Thank You,
Lord, for how wonderful You are to us.
We take this body in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen on that. We need
it. Thank You, Lord, for the blood. We
make much of the blood and the blood
makes much of us. We apply the blood of
Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that it never
loses its power. We cover the blood over
our president. We cover the blood over
his children. We cover the blood over
Vice President J.D. Vance, his
wife, Marco Rubio,
and the decisions that are being
made ahead. We apply the blood of Jesus
over this nation concerning the Fourth
of July.
And I take the blood and I apply it over
me. And if You want to show me anything,
Father, I'm here. I cover my eyes. I
cover my mind. I cover me in the blood
in the name of Jesus. And we thank You,
Lord. The blood of Jesus covers us
and it never loses its
power. And now, Father, as we apply
the blood, we make much of the blood.
The blood makes much of us. And we thank
You, Lord, for the blood tonight. We
thank You, Lord, that we honor the blood
of Jesus and we give You praise and
glory for it in Jesus'name.
Well, praise the Lord. Let's pray for
President Trump. All right. And that's
what I'm going to do.
We'll pray that Stacey Abrams and the
fraud over Atlanta will be uncovered.
We're going to pray over Minnesota
that the silver lining will be uncovered—whatever
the silver
lining is
in the state of
Minnesota and over these other
states. Father, we just thank You.
We thank You, Father.
The blood
that covers President Trump
tonight—that
it never loses its power.
That he will live long and finish
strong. I pray over his mind. I pray
over his blood flow. I pray over his
heart, over his liver, over his body,
Father, that he will make it across
the finish line. Father, that no
weapon formed against him will prosper.
They'll not poison him. They'll not
shoot him. They'll not do
anything. That a thousand shall fall at
his side and ten thousand at his right hand,
but nothing shall come nigh him. Father, we
lift up him in the name of Jesus that if
he goes to Turkey, he will be protected.
That the angels of the Lord will camp
around and about him. But Father, I ask
for divine delays.
That he will not go.
Do not trust Turkey.
Do not trust Syria.
Divine delays.
We pray over Don Jr., Eric,
Tiffany, Barron,
Ivanka, and
Kai. We cover them in the blood of Jesus
that they will finish strong.
No weapon formed against
them will prosper. I pray over the
family. I pray over his marriage, over
the president's wife, First
Lady Melania. We cover her in the name of
Jesus. We cover J.D. Vance and
his family. We say in the name of
Jesus no weapon formed against these
people will prosper. That they will
finish their jobs and
finish this race in the name of Jesus.
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Lord
that the Holy Ghost and fire is over
this house. The Holy Ghost and fire is
over them in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, for the anointing of
the Holy Ghost that You teach us all
things, that You show him all things.
You anoint his mind in the name of
Jesus. That he takes no counsel from the
ungodly. We pray over, Father, a spirit
of humility would hit this man. That he
would humble himself under You.
That he would stay vertical and not go
horizontal. That he would go vertical
with You. He would keep his eyes on You,
Lord. He would humble himself underneath
the mighty hand of the Lord.
Every plot, every plan
that comes. And Father, I
thank you, Lord, it will not stand.
We plead the blood
over our nation, from
sea to shining sea, over California. We
call a red wave. We call all the voter
fraud to be uncovered and discovered in
the name of Jesus.
It's so buried under layers of fraud.
There's a big black
layer, then little layers, and then
it goes clear down into
this box. Inside of this box, there are
ballots
buried on
a layer of fraud. The
white ballot is buried in layers of
fraud.
The top layers are so thick they think
you cannot see past it,
but the Lord can.
The ballots are thick, but the Lord's
eyes are like X-ray vision, and they can
see through it. It's in a blue box in
Portland and
the same in Seattle—even
greater
in Seattle.
The layers
are not just a box in Seattle; they are
layers of walls around
the buildings and
in the streets.
A great
shaking will bring you to
your knees. A shaking will come to
Seattle and
break the wall
of corruption.
I see the very streets of Seattle
splitting like Venezuela, and this will
go all the way down through San
Francisco.
A great
shaking will come from this area
and it will split the streets and
shake the buildings.
I see the streets shifting, the
foundation of the bridges shaking, and
the buildings swaying.
They will crumble like rock.
I see British Columbia shaking.
Vancouver will shake; the corruption in
Vancouver will shake.
There will be a great
earthquake in Vancouver—a
shaking to awaken
British Columbia.
It will go into Seattle,
Portland, and San Francisco.
For a great shaking will take place
here, the Lord says,
for there's great fraud.
The blood
of
the innocent
and
the victim's blood cries out to me.
A
shaking is coming across the
land,
just like you saw
in Venezuela, and
a
great shaking in the sea.
There will be fire
on the land
like gas there. I see fire on the
land and it goes clear up into
Anchorage. The land will be on fire,
and it will set off tremors in
Yellowstone.
The
epicenter
is
Vancouver. The Lord said,
"Just like it was in Venezuela, you will
see."I
see the plates; there's
more pressure on the plates.
It will even register
in
Nevada—a
shaking to awaken across
the land.
Revival!
So we pray
for
the
uncovering
of corruption
in
Atlanta
and Minnesota,
and that we will still have a red wave.
The people have common sense.
I see
purple across the land, a
mixture of blue and
red.
He believes he's untouchable, that prayer can keep him
there alone.
I
see a cupcake with one candle.
All the glory
of your presence,
we your people
give you reverence.
So arise
to your rest and be
blessed
by our praise
as your presence
now fills this place.
All the glory
of your presence,
we your temple
give you
reverence.
So arise
to your rest
and be blessed
by our praise
as we glory
in your
embrace,
as your presence
now fills this place.
Oh,
the glory
of
your presence,
we your people
give you reverence. To expose the fraud in Minnesota, I see her trying to be a safety net concerning Omar. I call holes in the net; she'll be exposed. The darkness on Omar will be exposed and they'll replace her with a new, godly voice. We call the same with Tim. Your days are done. We call in a good voice over Minnesota. As I saw the
glory rise on Minnesota concerning the Senate and Atlanta, Georgia. We cover this nation in Jesus'name. We pray over Venezuela and for uncovering. We call supernatural help for this massive earthquake. I see revival on their hands today. We plead the blood today for healing, wholeness, and wellness over Maria. We thank you, Lord. All the glory of your presence, we your temple give you reverence.
So arise to your rest and be blessed by our praise
as we glory in your embrace. Oh, the glory of your presence, we your people give you reverence. I see a major earthquake taking place
in China
and
shaking across Hong Kong.
These are not
just normal earthquakes; these are major
earthquakes. I see the buildings rocking and
glass
breaking.
A season of pressure. A season of
earthquakes.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the
Clarity Act. We thank you, Lord, for the Save
America Act. We thank you, Lord, for
President Trump. Father, we push it
through in Jesus'name that this
will be done. The lobbying will stop, and
Father, we will have the great
outpouring of finances in the name of
Jesus. Father, there will not be room
enough to receive it all. There will
be more than an overflow concerning this
supernatural
overflow in the name of Jesus over the
finances
for
Friday.
I see it, Lord.
We call for the Clarity Act. We call for
the abundance. We call
in the name of Jesus for a
supernatural wealth transfer.
Let's get the job done, Lord,
and let's go home. Maranatha, Maranatha,
Father. Is it—I
say it
right?
Maranatha.
Come, Lord.
Let's go. Let's do what we need to do
and let's get this going.
Lord, I petition you, Father. Let's
bring in the harvest and let's go home.
Bring in the great harvest you're looking
for, but use us to do it. Father,
whatever the domino is that you're
waiting on,
let's push this
thing and let's get this show started.
Help us to be ready. Help us, God, stir us
up. What is it that you're looking
for?
A shaking. A
major revival is coming to
Venezuela. And it's not like you say,
'Well, Brandon, it's coming in so long.
You've said this.'I'm telling you,
we're on the heels of it.
Colombia will have a major revival.
Cuba will have a major revival.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit
across this land for the 4th of
July and days prior and after, we call
a peace on our Homeland Security, our
FBI, our local law enforcement,
our NSA, and our Secret Service.
I call for wisdom and revelation in Jesus'name
that they would have sight beyond
what they're supposed to see. Father,
they would be able to see and know the
danger that is laying hold.
Father, they would know the false
attacks from the right ones. Father, in
the name of Jesus,
we call their eyes to open. They
would see the plans and the plots of the
wicked across this land in the name of
Jesus.
Uncovering from sea to sea,
uncovering from the Gulf to Canada, over
Canada, over Toronto, I call an
uncovering. All plans in Pittsburgh, I call an uncovering. Philadelphia,
we
call
for
an uncovering in the name of Jesus.
Over Chicago, over Boston,
Atlanta, we call an uncovering over Las
Vegas, Dallas, Houston,
Oklahoma City,
Denver,
Los Angeles, and
San Francisco.
Every secret cell in
New York, an uncovering over Washington,
D.C., we call an uncovering in the name of
Jesus.
Every single plot, every plan across
this nation,
Tennessee,
in Nashville,
we call for the uncovering.
We
uncover every plot, every plan
by Friday.
Fresno,
thank you, Lord,
for what you're doing. Thank you, Lord,
for an uncovering across this
land, an uncovering and discovery
of the corruption across this land.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit
across this land, over our substations,
over our waterways, over our water
plants, over our grocery stores,
over our gas stations, over our gas
plants. We call an uncovering of every
plot and every plan across our churches. We
pray over our churches—fire in our
buildings, plots in our hotels, and
over our stadiums for the
mass shootings—we call for an uncovering.
I see it
for mass shootings,
parades,
massive get-togethers, and parks.
I call for the parks to be
protected, mass gatherings to be
protected.
Family reunions,
we pray over our places of gathering.
We call the
amusement parks from Disney all the way
down. We call protection. We thank you,
Lord, over the parking lots and the
places of
gathering.
Operating over cruise ships, viruses on
cruise ships.
I see
Disney. I see Royal Caribbean.
But this is Disney. I see a Donald
Duck on the
boat. It's on the stern. It's up at
the top. I see
a virus,
but it's a planned thing. This has something
to do with the boats. There are
so many innocent people. We pray
over the people, the plots, and
the plans.
Is there a boat with
a Donald Duck on it?
It's out of Florida,
on the east side of Miami.
I see Cape
Coral. I
see the landmarks in this vision very clearly.
I see Mar-a-Lago down here.
We pray over the boats and the cruise ships. We pray over the
families.
Thank you, Jesus. There's great
authority in it, taking authority over
the viruses, taking authority over
sickness.
We have authority over bugs,
pestilence, and
viruses.
Thank you, Lord. You protect every
single one of them.
They
have a good time and relax with
their families.
No viruses, no bugs, no sickness
comes on the boats.
I see Macy's again.
A covering over
Macy's.
the barges.
I see Putin again.
I see deals being made.
That's what Turkey has to do.
Turkey and Putin. The Lord said,
'This is what Turkey wants:
Turkey and Putin
to get
Zelensky.'This
is to do with a meeting concerning
Trump, Turkey, and Putin.
Israel's in the background,
but this is more. I see Turkey and
Putin.
We represent Jesus. We're going
to the meeting.
I see Macron. Macron
is on the left.
Who is
Macron?
I smell sulfur around it.
It stinks.
It's the sulfur on Syria.
I smell
sulfur there.
Why does Trump represent
the ham?
But why do I see Trump with a ham?
I see Trump with a ham
concerning the Muslims. I see Trump with
a ham;
a ham that is glazed and it has flies on
it.
Trump will have a ham,
and it has flies on it. It is glazed and
has slices of pineapple on it.
Concerning going to Turkey, he has a
pineapple ham
with a bone in it.
It's a big ham
hock,
and he's trying to present
it
to the
Muslims.
And I smell sulfur in there.
It's on a platter. Trump wants to
present a ham on a
silver dish. It looks like one
of those really beautiful, fancy
stainless steel
dishes.
But he's going to present a ham to
the
Muslims.
He has
a smirk on his face as he
brings a
glazed ham to the meeting.
It looks really pretty with
pineapple on it, and it's on a silver
tray.
He presents a silver tray ham with
beautiful pineapple stuck to
it,
and I smell sulfur in the room.
I don't think that's a good
thing.
I see J.D. Vance; he's behind the
ham.
I see
Turkey, but over in the
distance, I see Macron. I don't know
if he's at the meeting, but
his influence is there.
I see Turkey
representing. I see Putin, and it's
concerning to him. I
see Zelensky there, and a splitting
with Turkey, Russia, Putin, Zelensky,
and Macron.
He is
presenting a pig to them—a
ham
decorated with pineapple.
Interesting, because
Muslims can't stand ham, right?
And then the vision stopped.
J.D. Vance was behind it,
standing up. Trump was sitting down.
J.D. Vance
looked angry.
The true J.D. Vance
is coming out. It's
midterms almost. Watch; the real him
is about to show up. He's about to
unveil who he is. The bobblehead is
about to really come out.
Watch what happens in the days ahead.
Thank you, Lord, for tonight and
for how good you have been to us.
Thank you, Father,
for how wonderful you have been to us.
We
worship you and
give you all the
glory, praise, and
honor,
for you are good and your mercy endures
forever.
But see, the Jews don't like ham either.
The Jews don't like ham; the Muslims
don't like ham.
And J.D. Vance is behind it
on a silver platter,
presenting a dead pig. It
smells like sulfur
in the room,
so neither one like it.
Come,
Holy Spirit,
I need you.
Come, Holy
Spirit,
I pray.
Come
in your strength and power;
come in your own special way.
It's all about you,
and we're so honored that we could help
you in any way.
Thank you for being a friend to me and
for being here tonight.
Lord, we pray for the
nations and
for the things that you tell us
to pray for. We see that which is to
come.
Thank you, Lord, for protecting the
people in Venezuela who are
in harm's way.
Father, I thank you for a
supernatural covering over Maria
tonight.
Holy Spirit,
I
rest in
you
and
I will trust in you.
Let the weak say, 'I
am strong
in the strength of
the Lord.'You
are
my hiding
place;
you always
fill my heart with songs
of
deliverance.
Whenever I am afraid,
I will trust in you.
Anxiety is being healed right now.
Somebody has chronic anxiety, and it
is being lifted off of
you right now as you're watching.
The Lord said, 'There
is
a break in this anxiety.
You've been tormented for so long, and
tonight's your night.
Freedom's
here.'I
see it breaking off of you. It's
like a shucking of
corn; the husk is breaking off of you.
It's a demonic thing that has
messed with
your hormones, and freedom is
yours. The Lord says,
'Freedom.'I
will trust
in you.
Let the weak say, 'I
am strong
in the strength
of the Lord.'You
are my hiding
place;
you always
fill
my heart with songs
of
deliverance.
Whenever I am afraid,
I will trust in you.
Thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah.
Holy Spirit,
we acknowledge you.
We don't just dip in the river and run
away. We say, 'Thank you for the drink
today.
Thank you, Master, for the drink today.'Thank you for the strength today. We
drink,
for we taste and see that the
Lord is good.
You are
my hiding place.
You
fill my heart
with songs
of
deliverance.
Whenever I am afraid,
I will trust in you.
Let the weak say, 'I am strong.'We're strong.
Bless you all tonight. Thank you for
being here.
Thank you for being a part of my prayer
group. I appreciate you spending time
with me in prayer tonight; it meant a
lot. I know it's late, but his presence
is here and it's sweet to me. I'm never
in a rush whenever I feel it like that;
I could stay for hours.
It's such a blessing and such a drink.
I pray you're refreshed. I pray you have
a wonderful day today as you watch this
back. I pray that you're refreshed
and that the burdens of life are
falling off of you.
They're falling off of you. As we turn
our eyes
upon Jesus,
we look full
in your wonderful face,
and the things
of earth
will grow strangely dim
in the light of your glory and grace.
Turn
your eyes
upon Jesus.
Look full
in his wonderful
face,
and the things
of earth
will grow strangely dim
in the light
of his glory
and grace.
Turn your eyes.
Thank you, Lord.
Praise the Lord. Well, we love you.
Thank you for being here today. We
really do appreciate it. God bless you
all. Thank you for praying for the
nations. Keep your eyes on him, for he
cares for you. The Holy Spirit is your
best friend. He's an ever-present help
in a time of need and he's always there.
You just got to acknowledge him. Say,
'Jesus, come. Holy Spirit, I need you.'God
bless you all. Thank you again.
We'll see you again tomorrow. Put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart.
I think the primary is over for this.
What? The primary is over for
what?
For Georgia.
They're saying this one and these
two.
Okay, so Rick Jackson
and that one.
Yeah,
so we need Rick Jackson to win.
Yeah, you need Rick Jackson.
Thank you, Father, for Rick Jackson.
Okay, so, Father, we thank you, Lord,
for Rick Jackson.
And then he's Byron Donalds.
Okay, so Byron Donalds. Yay!
But there's still voting things
concerning the Senate seat. That's
what I'm trying to tell you.
Regardless if a primary is over, it's
about the main thing.
Oh, yes,
that's one of the seats that I'm talking
about out of the three concerning the
Senate. Yes.
Sir Rick Jackson.
So, put a smile on your face and a song
in your heart. Thank you, Braden, for
all you do.
Yeah,
we appreciate you, son. You're a good
kid. All your hard work you do finding
these people. We say we got to pray for
Rick Jackson. Remember, Jesus loves you
and we love you. We'll see you again
tomorrow. Bye-bye.